HL Large Font v1.0
Copyright (C) 1999-2001 NextWish.org


PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENTATION IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD KNOW LIKE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS!   

About this modification:
I recently bought myself a new beefy computer, anyways I cranked up the resolution in half-life and I noticed that it's impossible to read the console text at high resolutions. Anyways, after doing a bit of digging through the VALVe SDK I discovered that you can change the size of the font. This modification is the end result - Simply put it increases the size of the console font and any other ingame font, such as the Counter-Strike Radio Text, Player Chat and also the player identification messages. ( e.g. Emeny: NextWish ).

Instructions:
1) Simply point this installer to the sub directory under your *MAIN* half-life or counter-strike directory of the mod you want to install the large fonts for.

Here are some examples of modifications and where to install:

Say your half-life directory is C:\sierra\half-life

	Half-Life Deathmatch	| C:\sierra\half-life\valve
	Counter-Strike		| C:\sierra\half-life\cstrike
	Team Fortress Classic	| C:\sierra\half-life\tfc
	Day Of Defeat		| C:\sierra\half-life\dod

2) Load up Half-Life and Connect to your favourite server, enjoy!

Troubleshooting:
There are no known problems with this modification at this time, if you experience problems please email support@nextwish.org 

Please include the following details in your email:
- Which modification your experiecing problems with.
- What the problem is or what is going wrong.
- What happens before the problem arises.
- Include any error messages you recieve or anything out of the oridinary.
- Include your system specs ( CPU Speed, CPU Brand, Amount of RAM, Harddisk size and amount of free space, Version of Windows, Video Card and what resolution you run ingame and graphics mode.)

Basically be a descriptive as possible as any emails with "It's just not working" end up in the trash. 

Legal and Contact Infortmation:
This modification is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.  In no event will the author be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this modification.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this modification for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this modification must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original modification. If you use this modification in part or whole for your own modification, an acknowledgment in the documentation would be appreciated but is not required.
2. Altered versions of this modification must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original version.
3. This notice/readme may not be removed or altered.

Geoffrey Huntley
webmaster@nextwish.org