CStrike Crash Fix v7.0
Copyright (C) 1999-2001 NextWish.org


PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENTATION IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD KNOW LIKE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS!   

About this modification:
Recently their has been alot of cheats released for counter-strike. One of those cheats is actually a Denial of Service attack, which when a cheater uses it on the server that you are playing on it either makes your half-life crash, requiring you to restart your computer or it kicks you from the server complaining about hostage skins being incorrect. Unfortunatly, 2 Versions of Counter-Strike have past and the exploit has yet to be fixed, so this is where NextWish's Counter-Strike Crash fix comes into play. The files contained on this page are client side patches, which prevent people from using the exploit on you.

Installation Instructions
1. Simply point the installer to your main half-life or counter-strike directory. Please do not point the installer to your half-life\cstrike or counter-strike\cstrike directory.

2. Load up counter-strike and feel safe that lamers cant crash you when you are playing counter-strike!

Important Information
1. If you choose to use this patch, you are using it of your own free will. Neither the official Counter-Strike team, Valve or Sierra can give you support for this patch. For all support questions consirning this patch, contact me.

2. This crash fix works by replacing your hostage models, so by installing this any custom hostages you have installed will be overwritten, and also if you install any other custom hostages the fix will no longer work! 

3. This is a client side patch, server admins installing this on your server will unfortunatly accomplish nothing. However, you can allways put a link to this page in your MOTD to let your users know that their is a DoS attack out their in the wild thats being used, and there is a patch available!

Troubleshooting:
There are no known problems with this modification at this time, if you experience problems please email support@nextwish.org 

Please include the following details in your email:
- Which modification your experiecing problems with.
- What the problem is or what is going wrong.
- What happens before the problem arises.
- Include any error messages you recieve or anything out of the oridinary.
- Include your system specs ( CPU Speed, CPU Brand, Amount of RAM, Harddisk size and amount of free space, Version of Windows, Video Card and what resolution you run ingame and graphics mode.)

Basically be a descriptive as possible as any emails with "It's just not working" end up in the trash. 

Legal and Contact Infortmation:
This modification is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.  In no event will the author be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this modification.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this modification for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this modification must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original modification. If you use this modification in part or whole for your own modification, an acknowledgment in the documentation would be appreciated but is not required.
2. Altered versions of this modification must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original version.
3. This notice/readme may not be removed or altered.

Geoffrey Huntley
webmaster@nextwish.org