Half-Life Deathmatch Script v4.0
Copyright (C) 1999-2001 NextWish.org


PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENTATION IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD KNOW LIKE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS!   

About this modification:
Scripts in Half-Life Deathmatch if used and set-up correctly can give you that vital edge over your opponents. This is where my Half-Life Deathmatch script comes in. All your settings are easily customisable and contrary to many other scripts out there, this script can be easily configured from Half-Life Deathmatch's Keyboard Configuration menu. This eliminates the need for nasty console binding and notepad editing!

Features:
1) Everything bindable using the ingame half-life controls menu! ( This script was the first to offer this!)                                                                                                                                                                                            
2) The ability to assign keys to each of the half-life deathmatch weapons via the half-life controls menu.                                                                                                                                                                                              
3) One button automated Super Jump.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
4) One button automated placing of tripmines.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
5) One button automated gauss jumping.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
6) One button automated pulling out of that crowbar and attacking. Great for when you wanna humiliate your frineds with a crowie kill ;)                                                                                                                                                                
7) One button automated grenades, press the button to pull out the grenade and prime it, release to throw the grenade.                                                                                                                                                                                  
8) A Floating in Water Toggler which when turned on it will make you float in the water. (Good for when you want to say something buy your swimming in water and dont want to drown - Just activate it and type away your message and you wont drown. Press the key assigned to it to turn it back off. 
9) A Netgraph cycler which when pressed will cycle between all 3 netgraph modes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
10) Tested for days to see if it's solid, and it is!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
11) Fully modular, other scripts can be used with it, simply by creating a file called autoexec.cfg and placing the other scripts in that file.                                                                                                                                                          
12) Easy for advanced and beginers to modify the script in any way they like. (The Script is Fully Commented)                                                                                                                                                                                            
13) Easy for advanced and beginers to modify the script in any way they like. (The Script is Fully Commented) 




Installation Instructions
1. Simply point the installer to your main half-life or counter-strike directory. Please do not point the installer to your half-life\valve or counter-strike\valve directory.

2. Load up Half-Life Deathmatch and make you way to the Controls Menu. If you dont know where the controls menu is, look at the screenshots above. and enjoy!

3. Setup your keys and then connect to your favourite server!


Troubleshooting:
There are no known problems with this modification at this time, if you experience problems please email support@nextwish.org 

Please include the following details in your email:
- Which modification your experiecing problems with.
- What the problem is or what is going wrong.
- What happens before the problem arises.
- Include any error messages you recieve or anything out of the oridinary.
- Include your system specs ( CPU Speed, CPU Brand, Amount of RAM, Harddisk size and amount of free space, Version of Windows, Video Card and what resolution you run ingame and graphics mode.)

Basically be a descriptive as possible as any emails with "It's just not working" end up in the trash. 

Legal and Contact Infortmation:
This modification is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.  In no event will the author be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this modification.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this modification for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this modification must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original modification. If you use this modification in part or whole for your own modification, an acknowledgment in the documentation would be appreciated but is not required.
2. Altered versions of this modification must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original version.
3. This notice/readme may not be removed or altered.

Geoffrey Huntley
webmaster@nextwish.org