CStrike Inivisibilty Fix
Copyright (C) 1999-2001 NextWish.org


PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENTATION IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD KNOW LIKE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS!   

About this modification:
Recently their has been alot of cheats released for counter-strike. One of those cheats is a invisibility cheat which when a cheater uses it they go completely invisible. Unfortunatly, 2 Versions of Counter-Strike have past and the exploit has yet to be fixed, so this is where this modification comes into play. Right now this modification only works if you have a 3D accelerator and run in either Direct3D or OpenGL/MiniGL.

Important Information:
Important Information
1.If you choose to use this patch, you are using it of your own free will. Neither the official Counter-Strike team, Valve or Sierra can give you support for this patch. For all support questions consirning this patch, contact me (NextWish).

2. Do not install this patch if you dont have a 3D Accelerator or use this patch in any other video mode other than Direct3D, OpenGL or MiniGL.

3. This patch does not prevent people from changing skins, that is something thats impossible to do without the Counter-Strike source code, and a new version of Counter-Strike. The invisible player detection works by replacing one of the models cheaters use to go invisible with a player model, this isnt 100% foolproof. Their is ALOT of models that can be used with the skin cheat to go invis, I simply patched the ones that are used most often. Patching them all would have adverse side-effects and would be pointless. 

4. This is a client side patch, server admins installing this on your server will unfortunatly accomplish nothing. However, you can allways put a link to this page in your MOTD to let your users know that their is a DoS attack out their in the wild thats being used, and there is a patch available!

5. Their is a side effect with using this patch, your helicopter on AS_ Maps may turn rainbow and have a really bad texture - It's required to detect the cheaters.


Instructions:
1. Simply point the installer to the sub directory under your main half-life or counter-strike directory. Please do not point the installer to your half-life\cstrike or counter-strike\cstrike directory.

2.Load up counter-strike and enjoy!



Troubleshooting:
Here are some common problems and solutions, please try them before contacting me.
1. When you walk near the helicopter in any of the AS_ maps your PC stops responding or half-life crashes.
As I said above, this patch is made ONLY for Direct3D, MiniGL and OpenGL users, please uninstall this patch using the uninstall shortcut in the programs folder right away.

If you have tried these and are still having problems, please a email support@nextwish.org

Please include the following details in your email:
- Which modification your experiecing problems with.
- What the problem is or what is going wrong.
- What happens before the problem arises.
- Include any error messages you recieve or anything out of the oridinary.
- Include your system specs ( CPU Speed, CPU Brand, Amount of RAM, Harddisk size and amount of free space, Version of Windows, Video Card and what resolution you run ingame and graphics mode.)

Basically be a descriptive as possible as any emails with "It's just not working" end up in the trash. 

Legal and Contact Infortmation:
This modification is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.  In no event will the author be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this modification.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this modification for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this modification must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original modification. If you use this modification in part or whole for your own modification, an acknowledgment in the documentation would be appreciated but is not required.
2. Altered versions of this modification must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original version.
3. This notice/readme may not be removed or altered.

Geoffrey Huntley
webmaster@nextwish.org