Anti Aimbot Spraypaint v2.0
Copyright (C) 1999-2001 NextWish.org


PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENTATION IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD KNOW LIKE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS!   

About this modification:
First of all, I'm going to explain how the aimbot works. The aimbot basically works by reading the pixels on the screen, using just your game resolution, it calculates a box with it's center at the center of the screen. Inside this box, is where it reads the pixels on the screen. If it detects any colors within the tolerance surrounding the chosen color, then it aims towards those pixels by telling windows to move the mouse. The latest version of aimbot uses plain, custom models that are colored lower-half gray, and upper-half either red or green. A specific chroma is used for either terrorist (green) or counter-terrorist (red).

Simple cheats have simple spoofs to combat them, this modification is what I call a Anti Aimbot Spraypaint. This little bad boy creates a target far larger than your model - particularlly at distance, and gives you a better chance of beating the lamer without cheating back. All it does when you spray it on the wall is draw the AIMBOT sensor to IT rather than you becuase of it containing the colors needed for the aimbot to work. Whilst not 100% foolproof, I have found that 9 out of 10 times it helps identify the cheaters using the aimbot.

Instructions:
1) Simply point this installer to the sub directory under your *MAIN* half-life or counter-strike directory of the mod you want to install the anti spraypaint for.

Here are some examples of modifications and where to install:

Say your half-life directory is C:\sierra\half-life

	Half-Life Deathmatch	| C:\sierra\half-life\valve
	Counter-Strike		| C:\sierra\half-life\cstrike
	Team Fortress Classic	| C:\sierra\half-life\tfc
	Day Of Defeat		| C:\sierra\half-life\dod

2) Load up Half-Life but DO NOT go into the player customization screen to see if it worked. If you go to the player customization screen, your logo will be overwritten and you will have to install the logo again. If you want to change your name, use the console (name newname) 

3) Connect to your favourite server and press the key you use to spraypaint to put the Anti Aimbot Spraypaint on the wall. If you suspect someones using a aimbot, simply spray it on a wall near them and watch to see if they behave illegularly when they look at it. ( They fire at it, Their view seems to "snap" to the spraypaint and will refuse to look away )

4) Please note that just because someone acts wierdly when around the spraypaint doesnt mean that they are using a autoaim. Please use common sense, remember people *do* fire at logos just for the hell of it.


Troubleshooting:
Here are some common problems and solutions, please try them before contacting me.

1) When you try to spray the logoyou hear the 'spray sound' but the logo doesn't show up!
This is caused by your videocard drivers, there's little you can do about this problem except trying to download the latest drivers, and typing this command on the console:

gl_polyoffset 20

If that fails, try typing this on the console:

gl_polyoffset 0 

If that fails, try switching your video mode between OpenGL and Direct3D.
 
 
2) When you spray your logo in HL, and only the HL logo appears! 
Wait a few rounds as it takes time to load your logo to the server and for the other players to download it from the server, after a few rounds it should be okay.

If you have tried these and are still having problems, please a email support@nextwish.org

Please include the following details in your email:
- Which modification your experiecing problems with.
- What the problem is or what is going wrong.
- What happens before the problem arises.
- Include any error messages you recieve or anything out of the oridinary.
- Include your system specs ( CPU Speed, CPU Brand, Amount of RAM, Harddisk size and amount of free space, Version of Windows, Video Card and what resolution you run ingame and graphics mode.)

Basically be a descriptive as possible as any emails with "It's just not working" end up in the trash. 

Legal and Contact Infortmation:
This modification is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.  In no event will the author be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this modification.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this modification for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this modification must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original modification. If you use this modification in part or whole for your own modification, an acknowledgment in the documentation would be appreciated but is not required.
2. Altered versions of this modification must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original version.
3. This notice/readme may not be removed or altered.

Geoffrey Huntley
webmaster@nextwish.org