Counter-Strike C4 Timer
Copyright (C) 1999-2001 NextWish.org


PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENTATION IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD KNOW LIKE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS!   

About this modification:
Ever wanted to know exactly how long before the C4 explodes? With this handy C4 timer you will allways know, all that needs to be done is for the C4 to be planted and it goes to work automatically!

Installation Instructions
1. Simply point the installer to your main half-life or counter-strike directory. Please do not point the installer to your half-life\cstrike or counter-strike\cstrike directory.

2. Load up counter-strike and enjoy!

Troubleshooting:
1) The timer suddenly stops for no reason what so ever every now and then:
Nothing can be done to stop this, I've tried my best to prevent this from happening but due to the way half-life is made their is nothing I can do to fix it.

If you experience problems other than the one listed above please email support@nextwish.org 

Please include the following details in your email:
- Which modification your experiecing problems with.
- What the problem is or what is going wrong.
- What happens before the problem arises.
- Include any error messages you recieve or anything out of the oridinary.
- Include your system specs ( CPU Speed, CPU Brand, Amount of RAM, Harddisk size and amount of free space, Version of Windows, Video Card and what resolution you run ingame and graphics mode.)

Basically be a descriptive as possible as any emails with "It's just not working" end up in the trash. 

Legal and Contact Infortmation:
This modification is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.  In no event will the author be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this modification.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this modification for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this modification must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original modification. If you use this modification in part or whole for your own modification, an acknowledgment in the documentation would be appreciated but is not required.
2. Altered versions of this modification must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original version.
3. This notice/readme may not be removed or altered.

Geoffrey Huntley
webmaster@nextwish.org