HLDM Counter-Strike Retail Fix v11.0
Copyright (C) 1999-2001 NextWish.org


PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENTATION IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD KNOW LIKE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS!   

About this modification:
So your one of those few people who own Counter-Strike retail but still prefer to play a game of Half-Life Deathmatch every now and then eh? Well if you are then you would of noticed with the release of the Counter-Strike 1.1 Retail Patch that some vital files needed to play Half-Life Deathmatch were left out. This modification installs all the files needed to play Half-Life Deathmatch but were accidently left out by VALVe Software.


Instructions:
1) Simply point the installer to your main half-life or counter-strike directory. Please do not point the installer to your half-life\cstrike or counter-strike\cstrike directory.

2) Load up Half-Life Deathmatch and connect to your favorite server!


Troubleshooting:
There are no known problems with this modification at this time, if you experience problems please email support@nextwish.org 

Please include the following details in your email:
- Which modification your experiecing problems with.
- What the problem is or what is going wrong.
- What happens before the problem arises.
- Include any error messages you recieve or anything out of the oridinary.
- Include your system specs ( CPU Speed, CPU Brand, Amount of RAM, Harddisk size and amount of free space, Version of Windows, Video Card and what resolution you run ingame and graphics mode.)

Basically be a descriptive as possible as any emails with "It's just not working" end up in the trash. 

Legal and Contact Infortmation:
This modification is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.  In no event will the author be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this modification.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this modification for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this modification must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original modification. If you use this modification in part or whole for your own modification, an acknowledgment in the documentation would be appreciated but is not required.
2. Altered versions of this modification must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original version.
3. This notice/readme may not be removed or altered.

Geoffrey Huntley
webmaster@nextwish.org